what's up my kids turbo plan
currently I'm seeing that they're
competing with me in the intros
there are no people who are hitting
the chair too hard I'm not
liking that I'm not liking it at all in the
end the idiot turbo plan is going to be right
and we have to hit Syria hard
but daylight avite you're
taking advantage of the fact that you know I can't
hit my chair because you know I have to
hold out until I have 500,000
subscribers and I can't hit it but you
know that you challenged me and you know what I
do when they challenge me I
can't knock it down like
the bastard did he punched me so hard he
knocked it down or the chairs I
swear I'd hit him twice and he
couldn't knock it down this is going to have to
apply a professional technique here
look carefully I
know you're a client of mine you're a
client of interest care
chairs you're the pegas and the official of
youtube
and
when you have this I can have this
turbo plan come and hit the chair I
don't want to see you hitting a chair anymore
well sometimes  guys, what's the controversy I'm
going to talk about today? Well, to tell you the
truth, no, this video wasn't going to be it, okay, I was
going to make this video, but in truth,
it was going to be, okay, nothing, I've seen
controversy, give it a go, I mean, a quick video, let's
try it out, this controversy
isn't from yesterday, balines de hierba put
out a video yesterday, but these
controversies aren't from yesterday, it's from
two or three days ago, it happened in tweets and on
twitter, okay, from tweets it moved to twitter and
I thought that things were going to stay there,
okay, some of my friends made a
video giving their opinion and I simply
analyzed it in a live stream, I don't know if I'll
upload it, I don't think I'll upload it when
hundreds already had it, they want to be the main character
and I wanted it to be useful, that's how it is,
but I didn't expect the Dallas video from
yesterday when yesterday I was at the cinema and
the notification popped up because I have
notifications activated on the
Dallas channel and I saw the video first,
when I was going to record this, I came with the
intention of criticizing him for not agreeing with him
this time because, honestly, I say [ __ ]
the guy is piling up politics he's going to
release a video but then being honest
or step by step everything that happened, well, I'm
going to give a different opinion
than what I thought and the truth is I don't
want to be a hypocrite the mind finds out
everything starts because Dallas comes in the other
morning in a live on tweets daley
fiba to the guest playing a game
that apparently is popular now I don't
know it's called apex and Dallas you guys were
making comments about the game okay he
's giving us absolutely nothing
bad about the game it seems that
in this game they don't take away your standard of living
when you fall to the ground from a height
how fun how bad how it's played I don't
know what the comment okay the
people in the chat started insulting Dallas but
not with normal insults no but with the ones they
always do to give them okay few
bullets normal not only is insulted
but also he is defamed okay
I don't see this as normal either okay because we're already
going with the precedent that it's on the
way there the nines welcome nowhere
and that is very bad boy that is
bullying I mean no matter how bad  it falls on us
given because it gives the portion a person
who because of his way of being or the type of
content he makes, well, he is no longer
welcome. In my opinion, with the last
move I had with him, well, he
has not shown me to be a bad person on the
contrary, but he does often have
some attitudes that are
quite repulsive, okay, quite
repellent, maybe the tone with which he
speaks is a little arrogant, okay, he
never admits any mistake, but I am
bad, bad, bad, bad as the devil,
how he puts it a lot, I don't think he is,
okay, at least he hasn't
shown that to me. What is not normal is
that the guy enters a
live chat of a person with whom he has
had no kind of problem, what's more, he
appears once they have greeted each other in person
and the public begins to insult him but
enjoys him in a serious way for the
simple fact of being given, no, that is not
normal, man, if we are talking about the game
here, everyone has the right to come
from the sil and talk about the game, okay,
when we are in controversy, well,
we discuss controversy, the cancer that I
saw him looks at the screen a couple of times
and  he acts crazy okay he does like that and
looks the other way and continued playing
okay I think because I was analyzing it
in my live but I wasn't analyzing
no the Dallas video I didn't watch the
live
we were watching the whole thing and I think
the FBI acted crazy he saw
Dallas and didn't want to he didn't want to say hello he didn't
want to read the comments or anything there comes
a time when Dallas gets heated up with
people he starts to manipulate things that
I don't see as completely crazy let's see
if he's enjoying me and on top of that they're
calling me a pedophile rapist abuser
so I ban you and suddenly Allenby looks at
the chat and says hey friends
you are couples seriously giving
up but suddenly the FBI looks at the
chat and says [ __ ] he's here in Dallas
that you go here that you stop talking
nonsense already in a super rude way
because if the kid isn't saying
any [ __ ] he's talking about
the game and people were insulting him and I just
realized that Dallas
is in my chat
I never say  nothing about you and all but you
come here
dallas commented for some messages that you say are
[ __ ] and I'm here talking about the
game and well anyway now comes a
moment that dallas has not included it in his
video I don't know if it is because he left the
live and did not see it or that he has omitted it
but it turns out that there is a moment
where the law tells me something like look
dallas well personally language the
mind do not worry we are here to say
playing and that's it I
finished arid blanca
nothing do not worry until I leave it without more
but you have offended him
and here we are
gilles laughing - when they kill me with
the folders of [ __ ] mother head welch
then at that moment I would consider
the controversy settled today it was a
misunderstanding it was a bad vibe but
well do not worry we leave it here what
happens is that dallas starts to post
tweets he starts to post tweets people
notify the fbi and envy goes crazy and
starts to lie about me but this guy
because he wants to because because they want to go to
touch me he supported me already very imbecile
but the team already knows I never say anything
about him and he comes to touch me he supports me idiot
at the party it is said that yes they are
listening to me imbecile that he is stupid he does not
tell you that I told you verbatim program
what was said in public tapes times do not
come as bad as the rest of it knows
if he was even with more than the mouth and
Vlez of appealing communities leave me
alone he spoke to me of foul to
me already it seems good any person will seem disproportionate the reaction of alevn totally disproportionate that sincerely this is the tweet that Dallas put and then he deleted it to put it in a thread or something like that but well then in person when we met in 2016 he started telling me at the party that
he supported me a lot from the silence
that he did not interact with me because
his friends did not like me but it is that when it
comes to throwing hate at me publicly yes
pathetic pathetic to me what
Dallas is saying on this tour and as much as I
tell him it is a lie it
fits me because there are many  youtubers who
are like that and the fbi after having
shown the attitude that he showed in
this live has seemed a bit
imbecile to me so obviously or rather
what he is saying fits me
perfectly because it is the typical
attitude that this has this is youtube
airways this youtube the one that gets together
with youtube airways is like dallas is the
outcast okay and even if you don't
dislike him you can't talk to him or
relate to him very little
youtube does it in fact you will always
see that dallas brags about getting along
with this youtube with the other youtube and
with the other youtuber and yet those
youtuber don't brag about getting along
with salas because it's like they keep it
a secret because I don't know why it is frowned upon the
only thing I hear me
publicly say is that they don't
dislike dallas and that he would get along halfway with him that
vegeta and hey your dick because in
truth you should give a [ __ ]
what others think if I like
a youtube
why another doesn't like him no  I have to
hide it or deny it and this is
more or less like what happened to me, I
trust what my nephew who, since
she wanted to get along very well with win
michu and I do and michu didn't like her, well,
I look for any excuse to get out of the
way to fight with you or I'm
confused I kick you and now I
have wing michu happy look at this
guy I don't talk to him anymore and I think
that Dallas has to be
screwed, no because in a way being the
outcast I say it among family because
there are many people who get along with him
what happens is that he doesn't show it
publicly or want to collaborate with him
or say anything to him in public, well, I
think it has to be screwed you okay because
you go to a chat room in a good mood and they
treat you like that, it doesn't make sense, it's not
in very bad taste when he takes it and
says go fight you, trust you and leave me
alone why the hell do you have to bring his
personal problems into an argument
that you're having with whom you don't
even argue, you're insulting him
for free, this is pathetic to me  it
makes you think it's the typical
youtuber who swallows all the ceo
but from the shadows it's worth it because if
all the salt channels are you
or controversial we are very frowned upon but
everyone in the shadows is pending
us and our videos are not requested
because I also know that what
Dallas was saying is that he
told the FBI at a party that he didn't dislike him that he
liked him but that he had no
relationship with him because of the people he
hung out with and they hurt each other and the EPP and he
justifies it by telling something more or
less similar, it's that it's not
that relevant what one tells you
finds the other it's just that if
you remind me of the events in the
same way that you are telling the
others because you can say objective
areas like that I told you that I told you the other it
makes me laugh a lot the scribe remains
this is that he had a document not the
document that is mounted on twitter not because of
a simple discussion that could have
remained in tweet for having said it in
public hundreds of times it's not as bad
as the rest of the I know if even I
understand that the few seats are  like
how does it fit that at a
party you approach him and tell him I don't
dislike you as much as the rest and you leave
since it doesn't make sense to anyone what he
's saying fits better
but at the end of the day that which is
not relevant because
I'm discriminatory about that like that I didn't
tell you and if you understood it more well
your problem is that I don't understand
why here he sort of apologizes in
quotes and now suddenly here
waiting for the review to be recognized
that he posted a tweet lying and then
deleted it and Dallas tells him well
basically that he's not leaving that he's not going to
retract what he said because it
's true I said the same thing in the
long post and if they keep saying that I'm lying
come one on one in the
parrot and without a shirt if I show you
who's right but don't get so dressed up haha it's
obviously seen
that it's a joke to a guy with whom he just got into a
fight and not fighting but
on top of that the guy enjoyed it a lot
for free there was here like it
reaches me  true to how like tenderness
like I see here the need and the
attitude of wanting to get along, wanting to
make friends, I think that he was the one he is
lacking and he is very needy of the
acceptance of people okay I think that
lately he is putting
a lot of emphasis on cleaning up his image but
weights for work issues also
obviously and for personal issues
but he also wants to regain the
acceptance not only of the public but of
his colleagues on youtube I don't know to me like that he
has given me things not like
burned thing because
if he wants to get along with him like he
wants like he wants approach with
the others they well it is one thing
sincerely when I have seen that he
uploaded the video to his channel Dallas
infiltrated by said [ __ ] guy of one thing
that you can see that I do in tweets take he
marks a video but you see us it is
hypocritical I mean if a guy takes me and
insults me in his live and on top of that a
well-known youtuber now you eat a
video a video a saga even of but
you eat a video let's not be
hypocrites kids because you would
support me and you know that  many
times we here have taken a
video from a comment on another video or
from a tweet or from 10 seconds that have been
dedicated to me in another video okay let's not be
hypocrites because you and I know that
taking a video of that is a work of
art is a work of art and welcome
to the salsa therefore I see it well
that they have gone too far with him and on top of that the guy does
not give rise to an apology because the
apologies are like halfway or he eats a
video you saw them as in a video because he is an
idiot he sees it normal because the FBI
has not apologized
well okay because here I think who
should apologize properly it
should have been the FBI it should have been
in the same live okay no
then on twitter
in the same live hey dallas sorry
sorry man it's true about kagame
heated up he was playing in other
things I have lost my mind sorry sorry he
put in and please to everyone
in the chat to whoever puts that nonsense the
bans 200 dallas I'm very
sorry forgive me don't get upset if we are here
playing  whenever I want we play a
game and there I would surely take out that it is the
FBI would have done it like this or on twitter
then on twitter dallas look sorry dude I
was watching the live and the [ __ ] up I went crazy dude I'm
really sorry and he should have
apologized properly not that [ __ ]
[ __ ] he put it on twitter that it was an
apology but I don't apologize because you're
dallas then surely dallas wouldn't have
given him the chance to make the video and if he
had made the video after that then
I would have seen it like that
the creep making a video
after you've already closed the
matter but if the matter hasn't
closed and on top of that you've been left there like he
insults her for free and that's it
then he eats the video at the bet you eat it
gentlemen that has been my opinion I will be
watching yours in the comments and
we'll see the next video which will be
tomorrow it has passed